[Music]
[Applause]
hello friends I'm Mathura
welcome to Madras recipe.com today I am
gonna show you how to make nan nan is
her fluffy and little crisp Indian flag
bread it makes really great
accompaniment for any career vegetable
it is a much easier process all you need
is just a little bit of time to let the
dough rise so let's start with the
ingredients for making
nando I'm gonna use 3 cups of plain
flour 3/4 cup of warm milk 1/2 cup of
yogurt plain yogurt a teaspoon of sugar
2 TSP of rapid rise yeast a teaspoon of
salt 1/2 teaspoon baking powder 2
tablespoon of grated garlic that's
optional and some finely chopped
coriander leaves that's all true to
start off with I am gonna take all
purpose flour and save this into a
mixing bowl and after all flour is
sifted in that I am going to add salt
baking powder
rapid rise yeast sugar and mix and you
want to mix all this dry ingredients
together Paravel and once it's mixed up
forever I'm gonna add all yogurt into
this now let's start to knead the dough
and the yogurt needs to be at a room
temperature now next let's add in warm
milk into this and continue to knead
this until you get a little bit soft and
sticky dough
and this Nantou is ready it's a soft but
it's got a bit of sticky texture make
sure that you used a little bit bigger
poll because this dough is going to rise
up and it's gonna get double lift size
now cover this up and put it in a dark
place and give it at least two hours to
rise there you go this dough has rested
for two hours and look at that it has
risen a really good now result some oil
just few drops over this drone and also
Chris your hands very well as we're
gonna work on this drop and just need
this again to make it a little bit soft
and that looks nice and even you know
I'm gonna divide this dough into small
equal sized balls
now I'm gonna roll mine on but before
that we need to make some preparation
for roasting process so what I'm gonna
do I'm gonna roast a one side of third
man on the skillet and other side I'm
gonna put none in the oven and then
broil it so you want to start heat on
the medium heat and preheat to your
skillet and also you want to start a 1
on the royal board so I'm gonna flour
the surface of rolling board and just
gonna stretch this out you can also use
a rolling pin if you want so here I have
rolled out to Nantes into some oblong
shape now I'm gonna season this up with
some grated garlic now this is purely
optional you can skip this process and
just make it plainer and some current
delays
now this man is ready to go over split
it over scalloped and break it so that
it won't puff up anyway put it in the
oven you want to roast it till it gets
light golden spots on the bottom side of
this man that looks good if you can see
this site it has got a light golden
spots right onto the baking tray no
roast other than that as well
now the other knot is done as well now
I'm gonna put this onto a baking tray
and now I'm gonna broil this for just
about a minute or so right till the time
it gets a little browning on the surface
and you want to wash this none when they
are in the oven because they bake really
fast when they are prolly and there you
go
this man is out of oven now I'm gonna
butter it
I also look at the texture of this nun
it's got perfect crisp on this edges and
if you break it it's really very very
soft it's not very hard you can easily
break this off let me test this real
quick
nothing beats the taste of something
packed fresh for more delicious recipes
please go to my website
McGrath recipe.com thanks
[Music]
you